1. Sign in on with your google account on  dialogflow.cloud.google.com.use dialogflow CS(standard) version.
2. Sign in with your google account.
3. Within dialogflow you can have multiple agents.
4.Each agent is like a chatbot.
2. Created an agent which would act like a trained bot(model trained on NLP).
3.Initilaised Intents,entities,provided training phrases and set responses for each intents.
4.Some of the intents need to have contexts defined.Incoming and outgoing contexts are set based on where in the converstaion intent may come.
5.Also on the training phrase ,you can explicityly select the numbers,food_items and specify what parameter they are.
6.The chatbot application to work, required some calls to be made to database server(such a order management system).This integration is acheived through fullfilment in dialogflow.
7.Flask and python was used to develop backend server, which has code embedded that intun makes connect with sql server database .
8. Before we set the URL in the fullfilment section in the dialogflow,we will run the flask code on pycharm terminal
 "python app.py --reload"
 which will run webserver ,on local machine.It will be a http link.We need to convert this http link to https(using ngrok)
9. Installed and signed up for using ngrok ,there were some authentication steps which i followed inorder to use the ngrok feature.
10.After downloading ngrok,if you open the ngrok executable file.It opens a command prompt.You may type "ngrok http 5000" to get the https link corresponding to http link.
11.Copy the https link,along with route defined for webhook endpoint.
12.Enable webhook on intents in dialogflow, where you want backend api call to be made .
13.Based on the intent that gets executed,webhook request is made on backend.
14.After testing the chatbot on dialogflow.You can integrate with frontend Archana's kitchen  website(developed using help of chatbot ).You can copy the link that you get from dialogflow (dialogflow-->integrations-->dialogflow Messenger-->copy the whole tag ,in the body of the html file.
15.Open the html and you can see the chatbot pop.:)

